README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Implemented basic page layout with sidebar and header sections

README.md, after:

# MyTube App

This is a personal project of mine to see how much of the youtube interface I can build out on my own with sparing use of tutorials as needed.

## Author

- [Reese Jones](https://github.com/reesealanj)

## Requirements

1. Firebase account configured with Firebase Authentication, Firebase Functions, FireStore Database, and Realtime Database

## Installation

1. Clone the repo
2. `cd` into the `my-tube-app` directory
3. Ensure you make a copy of the `/config/env.local` and input all your proper keys
4. Run `npm install` to install all required packages and dependencies
5. Run `npm run dev` to start the dev server for the Next.js application

## Contribution

If you found a problem or want to submit an improvement to the project, use the Github Issues tab to create an Issue with a description of what you think needs to be changed/added. If you'd like to submit a PR with an update/fix, reference the issue number you created. Also please make sure to squash all your commits into one when you make your PR into the repository.

### Github Branching Strategy

- `main` - main branch, this is what will be deployed to DigitalOcean/whatever service it runs on
- `develop` - this is the "working branch" that is being used to develop while keeping production releases clean

## Project Goals/Wishlist

(feel free to make a PR to add to this list)
